:sparkles: Windows Install Binary (#261)
process-engine/process_engine_runtime: installer/README.md

# ProcessEngine Runtime Installer

Create a windows installer for the ProcessEngine Runtime.

## Requirements

- All requirements from [README](../README.md).

> - Windows Operating Sytem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Windows Operating System
```

  - Native dependencies will not work otherwise.
- [Inno Setup](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isinfo.php) >= 5.6.1

## Steps

1. Install dependencies and build:

    ```bat
    npm install
    npm run build
    npm rebuild
    ```

> 1. Create an executable file from the runtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an executable file for the runtime:
```

Author: The file is created _from_ the runtime.

    ```bat
    npm run create-executable-win
    ```

    This script will use `pkg` to create the `process_engine_runtime.exe`
    executable.

1. Create installer with Inno Setup

    ```bat
    "C:\Program Files (x86)\Inno Setup 5\ISCC.exe" /DProcessEngineRuntimeVersion=<TargetVersion> installer\inno-installer.iss
    ```

    Replace `<TargetVersion>` with the actual version of the runtime.

>     By default the created installed will be placed in under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default the created installer will be placed at
```

    `Output/Install ProcessEngine Runtime v<TargetVersion>.exe`.

## Notes

### Native Bindings

Some of our dependencies use native bindings. `pkg` will not include the

> required files. Instead they must be placed manually near the executable.

Reviewer: ```md
Some of our dependencies use native bindings, which `pkg` will not include with the installer.
These files must be placed manually in the same directory as the executable.
```

> For example `sqlite3`: When the native binding is not found an error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: When the native binding for `sqlite3` is not found, you will get
```

> is shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following error:
```

```
Error: Please install sqlite3 package manually
```

The solution to this problem is to copy the native bindings next to the
executable (See _Figure 1_). The installer will take care of this.

### Config Paths

By default the ProcessEngine Runtime stores its configuration in `./config`.
This would result in storing the configuration inside the installation folder.

> To prevent this the `CONFIG_PATH` environment variable must be overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this the `CONFIG_PATH` environment variable must be provided.
```

The variable isn't set or even required by default.

> The `start_process_engine_runtime.bat` starts the `process_engine_runtime-win.exe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start_process_engine_runtime.bat` script starts `process_engine_runtime-win.exe`,
```

using the correct `CONFIG_PATH`.

### Final Installation Layout

_Figure 1_: Final layout of installation folder:
```
ProcessEngine Runtime
\
|   process_engine_runtime-win.exe
|   start_process_engine_runtime.bat
|   unins000.dat

> |   unins000.exe

Reviewer: Might be a good idea to add those files to the .gitignore.

Author: Why

Reviewer: That's also fine.
